It also concentrates enthusiastically on the subject
feel the most
Do not wait any longer and register
first bet if you do not win we give you away
a bet of the same amount
bwin more emotion in each game
well, I'm going to have a field of
bernabéu
against valencia and valencia pushing
for this fourth or third place in the
league that gives access to champions league
by the way I mentioned a week ago
that in the case that seville won
to the european league the europa league
access and asia champions and depriving the
fourth team to his presence in
champions league
it is an error would not eliminate the valence
would in this case five teams
Spaniards , therefore, the balance
have that drawback although it would be
Well, a pleasure to see Seville and
win the europa league
I confused myself apologize especially to the
that they have felt so bad those of the
Attention
fix the matter for that party that
it is a fundamental branch of
valencia valencia
receives possession well and does not discard ricky
madrid can get to spend it
frankly bad, however, since
we know the auction and it has that stuck
tremendous
thing that when the valence is
playing can even dominate
but I think with a dance in conditions
a Christian in conditions to me is
really like the paper also from james
is that he has come back from his injury also not
only that he has plays but also
has goal and assistance therefore
on paper I see madrid favorite but
without underestimating the capacity of valència
to score in the bernabéu cinema further
he did last season by drawing
two goals my friends in living and who
you know what my forecast is
forward with the quotes the
reale victory pays a euro 35 yo
I think that's little because the party
I believe that Valencia is a better rival than
that and continued the draw 5 euros 50 the
valencia victory pays eight euros 50
I think and the balance and has more
possibilities that those quotes
it really reflects but I do think that in
that instant
the bernabéu is going to be strong both
they need the points but I think that such
once the king has no more stuck than the
Valencia and carry the three points by
so I'm going to bet in favor of real
madrid although he pays a little euro 35
bet